Ruderman atelier before tuning vaz and per foot
pound and where rk almost nor -hour focus
Forte Rapid in May Printer and Client
dornish homemade satio on bent over
dan given to car years sports
Turnip sculpture on germany 4
like volkswagen multivan became
mersedes-benz in yalta healers way
transformation must lie to both hands
pootrubat I look at everything here, in principle,
changed it originally bought
The base model of the viano car which
you can say everything inside removed
fully and completely and demolish
equip it as you see in s-class
seats are installed and rear front
also installed all two seats to
the passenger could talk waves
It is very convenient for introducing any
negotiations even on the road plus equipped
tom
internet tv digital
a television
all car control in principle
controlled from this main console
touch panel there is completely all the options
which
manage let them become their push
if here i watch one tv
the second one behind us is hidden in
ceiling playstation here maybe
system audio here may be good
so many remotes it turns out that very
much and yes yes we thought so too long
and solved this problem we installed
rc controls and she replaced all the consoles
absolutely which are in the car
we go to the multimedia menu and here
all remotes can also be located
just download ips to any iphone ipad
ipod mini and replace remove all remote from
cars and use only one
iphone and you can open it with
this application here this monitor
click and we folding monitor
I even watch two cameras yes there is
before installed front view camera
camera review for traffic accident passenger all all
time can see where is when
movement, he can also be observed where
go where goes
also what is behind it too all
can see perfectly what 10 this
what as everyone is interested in the price now
Only issue price of one million euro is not
seriously seriously a lot the way is here
too much work I invested but I agree
what is it worth it of course
I agree well, it's really very big
office on wheels how many cars are you
produce in a year
year about 50 cars in all on
the wheels are clear and who are your customers
our customers but I had not ask
it is clear you will not tell me our clients in
mostly buy
These cars are after the Russian
spaces there cis countries basically
these are deputies of the director of the company
say two persona you suspension too
change the plate suspension originally ordered
the original mercedes is airy
suspension installed here in this
car suspension original
mercedes
nothing altered the movie about the final
before the report then i'm so was pulling n
shock marble sur prichi cottage link
modify kadik vasin still he you Dafa
chordin moldova coral beach hd smr
galaburda moon i moodle seeds straight
Dubai until they touch idol class in H0
descent with the cause of STV Arban Sash Timka
machine net alps etc. the stealth
chances domido.ru